Update `dev/doc/README.md` after #13617 and #14176. (#14184)
coq/coq: dev/doc/build-system.dune.md

first line of the `dune-project` file for the minimum required
version.

> If you set `COQ_USE_DUNE=1`, then you won't need to explicitly add `-f
> Makefile.dune` in any of the commands below. However, you will then
> need an explicit `-f Makefile.make` if you want to use one of the
> legacy targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set `COQ_USE_DUNE=1`, then you don't need to explicitly add `-f
Makefile.dune` in any of the commands below. However, you will then
need an explicit `-f Makefile.make` if you want to use one of the
legacy targets.
```

`dune build @install` will build all the public Coq artifacts; `dune
build` will build all the targets in the workspace, including tests

> and documentations (so this is usually not what you want).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and documentation (so this is usually not what you want).
```

> Dune places build artifacts in a separate directory `_build/$context`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dune puts build artifacts in a separate directory `_build/$context`;
```

is faster, as it doesn't link the binaries and uses the non-optimizing
compiler.

> If you have built the full standard library with the `world` target,
> then you should be able to run the commands from the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you built the full standard library with the `world` target,
then you can run the commands in the
```

"from" suggests you need to `cd` to those directories

Reviewer 2: This should be made more precise, you can run those commands always, even without a prelude if you wanna use -noinit, once #14059 is merged Coq should be able to locate the prelude in all cases, so as long as you build the prelude in any way, it would work. Other commands such as coqwc etc... for example don't need the prelude to be built to be run normally.

All in all, managing deps in a complex system like Coq by hand is super tricky, our best bet is make the build system aware of them.
